C16
Nick and Judy ran for their lives as Manchas chased them.
“What is wrong with him? ” shouted Nick.
They ran across a slippery suspension￼ bridge with Manchas close behind. Nick stopped. “We're not gonna make it! ”
“Jump! ” Judy yelled.
They leapt off the bridge and landed on a low branch. Then they ducked into a hollow log, trying to hide, but Manchas continued to stalk￼ them. Judy frantically picked up her police radio. “Officer Hopps to dispatch! Clawhauser, can you hear me? ”
Inside the police station, Clawhauser was casually chatting with a coworker as he showed him a video on his phone.
“Have you seen Gazelle's new video—are you familiar with Gazelle? ” Clawhauser asked the coworker, not seeing the red light blinking￼ on his phone. “Greatest singer of our lifetime—angel with horns. Yeah, you gotta check it out. So good. Do you see who's beside her right now? ” He pointed to the screen, where he was dancing on a stage with Gazelle.
“Wow. You are one hot dancer, ” Gazelle's voice started, finishing with a robotic-type voice, “Benjamin Clawhauser.”
“It's me! ” Clawhauser exclaimed. “Did you think it was real? It looks so real! It's not—it's just a new app.” He chuckled. Then he finally noticed his phone and clicked the speaker button. “Hold on—”
“Clawhauser! ” Judy's voice rang out. Manchas, trying to get inside the log, took a swipe at her. “We have a 10-91! Jaguar gone savage! Vine and Tu-junga! ”
“It's Tu-HUN-ga! ” shouted Nick.
Manchas took another swipe at Judy, this time ripping her radio out of her hands. Nick and Judy scrambled out of the log and continued to run.
“Sending back up! Hopps? HOPPS? ! ” said Clawhauser, hearing the racket￼ on the other end.
Nick and Judy spotted a gondola￼ station.“There! ” Judy yelled. “Head to the skytrams! ”
They ran toward the gondolas. Judy darted out of Manchas's way but slipped and got separated from Nick.
“Get in! Carrots? Carrots! ” Nick called, trying to hold on to the gondola. But it pulled away.
“Go! ” shouted Judy, struggling to regain her footing on the wet, slippery surface of the bridge.
Nick backed up and Manchas moved toward him, as if stalking his prey. “Buddy, one predator to another, if I offended you with the tuna thing, I meant no disrespe—”
Nick screamed as Manchas charged￼ at him full speed. A split second before he reached Nick—clank! Manchas was yanked back by a handcuff on his back paw. Judy had cuffed him to a metal post! Nick couldn't believe it—Judy had saved his life.
“I can tell you're tense, so I'm just gonna give you a little personal space, ” Nick said to Manchas.
Manchas struggled angrily, knocking Nick and Judy over the edge of the walkway. Judy grabbed on to a vine with one arm and struggled to hold Nick with her other. As the two dangled￼ over the canopy, Nick looked at the bottomless abyss￼ below. Judy's mind raced as she tried to figure out what to do next.
“Rabbit, whatever you do, do not let go! ”shouted Nick.
“I'm gonna let go! ” said Judy.
“No… you what? You must have misunderstood me. I said don't—”
“One, two, ” Judy said, counting off as she started them swinging.
“RABBIT! ”
She let go and swung them over to a net made of vines. It supported their weight for a moment. But then—snap! The vines broke and they plummeted toward the ground! Luckily, a cluster of vines had gotten tangled around their legs and stopped them right before they hit the rainforest floor.
Sirens rang out as a convoy of police cars screeched to a halt. Out of one stepped Chief Bogo. Judy smiled. The cavalry￼ had arrived!
“Well, this should be good, ” said Bogo as he stared at Judy and Nick, who hung upside down, suspended from vines, in front of him.
