C27
The next day, all the news channels aired footage of Bellwether in an orange jumpsuit, being led to jail. “Former mayor Dawn Bellwether is behind bars today, guilty of masterminding￼ the savage attacks that have plagued Zootopia of late, ” said a newscaster.
The footage showed Lionheart being led out of prison.
“Her predecessor, Leodore Lionheart, denies any knowledge of her plot, claiming he was just trying to protect the city, ” the newscaster said. “A reporter interviewed Lionheart from jail.”
“Did I falsely imprison those animals? Well, yes. Yes, I did. Classic ‘doing the wrong thing for the right reason' scenario. Know what I mean, Kitty? ”
“No. No, I do not, ” answered the reporter, deadpan￼.
Back in the studio, the newscaster continued. “In related news, doctors say the night howler antivenom￼ is proving effective in rehabilitating￼ all of the victims.”
When Mr. Otterton awoke inside the hospital, his wife was hugging him tightly. Judy was there, watching and smiling.
“Thank you, ” said Mrs. Otterton gratefully.
Months later, Judy stood proudly at a lectern giving the commencement address to graduates of the Zootopia Police Academy.
“When I was a kid, I thought Zootopia was this perfect place where everyone got along and anyone could be anything… Turns out, real life's a little bit more complicated than a slogan on a bumper sticker￼. Real life is messy. We all have limitations. We all make mistakes, which means… hey, glass half full! We all have a lot in common. And the more we try to understand one another, the more exceptional￼ each of us will be. But we have to try. No matter what type of animal you are, from the biggest elephant to our first fox, I implore￼ you: Try. Try to make a difference. Try to make the world better. Try to look inside yourself and recognize that change starts with you. It starts with me. It starts with all of us.”
Nick approached the stage. He stood tall in front of her, his chest out. Judy pinned on his badge.
The crowd went wild with applause as cadets threw their caps high up into the air.
“All right! Enough! Shut it! ” said Chief Bogo.
Judy and Nick took their seats among the other cops in the bullpen￼. Bogo stood up at the front, calling order. “We have some new recruits with us this morning, ” said Bogo.“Including our first fox. But… who cares? ”
“You should have your own line of inspirational greeting cards, sir, ” said Nick sarcastically.
“Shut your mouth, Wilde, ” said Bogo, then began calling out assignments. When he finally got to Judy and Nick, they waited eagerly. “Hopps, Wilde… Skunk Pride Parade. Dismissed.”
“Fun, ” said Nick. “Funny guy.”
“Parade detail is a step up from parking duty, ” Judy said.
Bogo looked as if he was going to smile… but then he didn't.